Mk 5056  how to sections (#2)
oduameh/hydra: docs/docs/how-to/operating-hydra.md

import TerminalWindow from '@site/src/components/TerminalWindow';
```

> This page provides guidance for Hydra users on troubleshooting issues when running their instances of `hydra-node` and participating in a Hydra Head.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page guides Hydra users on troubleshooting issues when running their instances of `hydra-node` and participating in a Hydra head.
```

> ## Example Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example setup
```

We offer sample node configurations that will help you get started with hosting a Hydra node on virtual machines in the cloud. These configurations are available in the [`sample-node-config/` directory](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/tree/master/sample-node-config/).

> ### Google Cloud w/ Terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Cloud with Terraform
```

> ### No Head is observed from the chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### No head is observed from the chain
```

* Ensure the `hydra-node` is connected to a `cardano-node` that's operating on the correct network. Verify the `--network` command-line argument and the `cardano-node` configuration.
* Remember, the `hydra-node` cannot start if it is unable to connect to the `cardano-node`, which might require time as the `cardano-node` must revalidate its database and potentially reconstruct its ledger state upon startup. Its connections are not open until it is fully prepared. If running as a service or a container, ensure that the orchestrator restarts the process when it crashes.

> * Check that the _Scripts_ transaction identifier is valid. This identifier is provided on the [release](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/releases/tag/0.10.0) page for the three major networks (`preview`, `preprod`, `mainnet`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check that the _Scripts_ transaction identifier is valid. This identifier is provided on the [release](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/releases/tag/0.10.0) page for the three major networks (`preview`, `pre-production`, `mainnet`).
```

* Verify that the `hydra-node`'s _Cardano signing key_ is consistent with the _Verification key_ from the `Init` transaction. Ensure the `--cardano-signing-key` parameter points to the correct key, and that peers have the accurate `--cardano-verification-key` for your node.
* Confirm that peers' _Cardano verification keys_ are accurate. This mirrors the above issue; check parameters on all peers.

### Head does not make progress

* Confirm peers are properly connected to each other. Verify the `--peer` arguments point to the correct `host:port` for each peer. The `PeerConnected` message should be observed by the client or appear in the logs and be consistent across all peers involved in a Head.

> * Ensure the _Hydra signing key_ for your node or the _Hydra verification keys_ for peers match what each node expects. Verify that `AckSn` messages are received by all parties and that the `LogicOutcome` log does not contain any errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Confirm peers are properly connected to each other. Verify the `--peer` arguments point to the correct `host:port` for each peer. The `PeerConnected` message should be observed by the client or appear in the logs and be consistent across all peers involved in a head.
* Ensure the _Hydra signing key_ for your node or the _Hydra verification keys_ for peers match each node's expectations. Verify that `AckSn` messages are received by all parties and that the `LogicOutcome` log contains no errors.
```
